feat: Easy way to retrieve InteractiveRequestOptions (#867)
bUnit-dev/bUnit: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

### Added

> - Added method to easily deserialize `InteractiveRequestOptions` via `TryGetInteractiveRequestOptions`, which is used by `NavigationManager.NavigateToLogin`. By [@linkdotnet](https://github.com/linkdotnet) and [@egil](https://github.com/egil).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added the `StateFromJson` method to the `NavigationHistory` type, to make it easy to deserialize navigation state stored as JSON during a call to `NavigationManager.NavigateTo`, e.g. as seen with the new `InteractiveRequestOptions` type available in .NET 7. By [@linkdotnet](https://github.com/linkdotnet) and [@egil](https://github.com/egil).
```
